4/25/2024 9:31:45 AM
munn
 - change in coughing and breathing: may be due to some digging up on the mountain near my house - EPA It hink is going to check it out; one of my neighbors has the samething I do, and he has connections - so I think I'm just waiting on that.
   - But I do have syncope: the  fainting after coughing worst I've fainted was for like 2 seconds; thankfully I sitting down and not driving: almost always feel ringing in my ears, and the edges of pasing out when I cough.
   - I assume the inhalers I have don't deal with this.

As always generally want reduce or stopping all medication and CPAP machine - definately motivied to lose weight destpite my actual behavior; but I'm slowly learning.

 - I'd like to get off of medication for acid reflux:
     - Weight loss .
     - less spicy food -
     - Cafeeine . .
     - eating too late at night - 3 -4 hours after dinner . .
  is there a medical requirement to stay on it, or if I really change my diet could I be done with it? the knee pain is pertty bad when I need ti pick up something on the floor; otherwise, They're just mildly sensitive all the time.
   - sitting on a plane is pretty bad too: seem to need to kick my leg out every 30 mins or so.
   - MOtion - lotion . .
   - Weight loss - low inflamatory
     - Meditranina . . 10 years - less . .

 - Advair seems to be working ok: pluminologist I think renewed the perscription maybe?
 - ONly used thee rescue inhalor like 4 times over the last 3 months; but I do like to have it
 - I would like to also get off burpiroan too: but always get flu like symptoms when I stop; I think it's a known response;
   - extended release -d on't cut it . . every other day . .
   - Normal release pill - much more targed with dosing . .
no changes over the next two weeks.

 - Short acting - full pill - half pill . .
 - every other day for two weeks . .
 - buprorian - pick up 9 0days
 - pantrozol - on 40 - go to 20 - ok to take two a day.
 - takes about two weeks to reaclimatize to new dose - use tums . .after two weeks
 -

