12/21/2023 4:19:17 PM
DIS-jack

GidDigger project: - maintain list of next avaialble gids.

1-50,0000
   - some one already used next avaiablel nubmer
   - want to assign this range . .next avvilable nujbmer . .
   - alwasy next avialble number
   - if deleted, add this number back in the pool . .

<counter>
  <next value="1234-1288">
  <next value="2364-3001">
  <next value="8889-*">
</counter>

 - oneoffs would break it . .
 - Love to have:Every user in directory:
 -

every user has unique uidNumber, don't need fo ruser . .
 - need to supply gidnumber for server group
 -

start at 14000-540,000
<counter>
  <lowest>14000</lowest>
  <highest>540000</highest>
  <user>
    <next value="1234-1288">
    <next value="2364-3001">
    <next value="8889-*">
  </user>
  <group>
    <next value="1234-1288">
    <next value="2364-3001">
    <next value="8889-*">
  </group>
</counter>

Accman may do this already . .
ted/cgi-bin/accman/accman.cgi?mode=next-uid
 - user isn't bad . .

gid takes forever

Run once a day!


1/11/2024 9:39:31 AM

 - Jack: we may not be able to set IMDMProvAdmin as SEcurity equals.
     - Make sure after we disable it; zero out the log files.
     - Set it to write to a different path so we don't cause noise.
       - use /tmp!
     - When on site - Get with me and Joe - see if we can get rid of cronjobs on old altea driver.
      - Joe doesn't know about cornjobs for these driver . .
      - cronjob - what do they do?? Go query something in RBAC table in Altea . .
        - w11pcledir pi011 - need to consider disabling old altea cronjobs . . .
           - These might be in DEV and QA
        - w11pcledirqi011!! here too!
     - no Other hidden appendnges . .
     - Warned: ON mad dash rush to upgrade Edir and IDM version . .
     - First in feburary . .
     - Everying Java 11 . .
        - Doing alpha first



2/2/2024 4:53:10 PM
Jack
 - IDS in AD, but not in identity vault . .
 - subscriber matching in ad missing

 next - 100109
 - how got DALWINGC01
 -

2/7/2024 5:58:53 PM
I was asking Jack why p502053 can't start a job . . if we made it a direct trustee with these rights; it worked fine . . .

  2/7/2024 3:02:59 PM
rights - jack showing me example:
- Gave rights trustee rights directly to job . .
   - Compare/read/write
   - Browse on entry


however Later - I was able to find the official documentation.
	FYI: I found it! DXCMD specific 'hidden' virtual ACL attributes to grant user job rights
	Wed 2/7/2024 7:04 PM

Jack,

Thanks so much for keeping me running; you are amazing.

I wanted to show you we do have an option for being more granular that I'd love to test with you: This page has the table I was thinking of:

[https://www.netiq.com/documentation/identity-manager-48/pdfdoc/driver_admin/driver_admin.pdf](https://www.netiq.com/documentation/identity-manager-48/pdfdoc/driver_admin/driver_admin.pdf)
 

If we want to be super granular, we can use these.  I think they're just set as ACL values as if the 'DirXML-AccessRun'  were a normal attribute that you were granting rights on.  Here's the interesting section.  BTW: the 'Grant Rights' button that appears on jobs that aren't configured, get these populated when you click it . . we've both done this; but this is a good refresher:


### Granting Task-Based Access to Drivers and Driver Sets

In addition to the eDirectory’s standard object-based access controls, Identity Manager lets you assign trustee rights to perform only certain tasks on an Identity Manager driver, rather than just granting full Supervisor rights to the driver object. For example, you can assign trustee rights such that a user can only configure the driver object (create and modify object properties), while another user can only start and stop the driver.

Identity Manager provides the following driver object attributes that enable role-based access:

|**Attribute**|**Description**|
|:--|:--|
|DirXML-AccessRun|Start and stop Identity Manager drivers and jobs|
|DirXML-AccessMigrate|Manage migrate operations into the Identity Vault|
|DirXML-AccessSubmitCommand|Manage the driver’s pass-through commands|
|DirXML-AccessCheckObjectPassword|Manage the driver’s “check object password” commands|
|DirXML-AccessConfigure|Manage the driver’s and job configuration|
|DirXML-AccessManage|View and modify the driver’s cache file contents|

  --Aaron

2/8/2024 1:32:37 PM
 - Found this issue while testing, and jack fixed today:


2/8/2024 11:27:09 AM
swaLOAEndDateActual - not part of any objectclass! should be - swaPerson






2/14/2024 1:00:29 PM
Just updated this so that SAT matches dev; which matches prod:

	<definition display-name="Workorder Container" dn-space="dirxml" dn-type="slash" name="idv.workorder.container" type="dn">
			<value>swa-idsat\services\DirXML\workorders</value>
			<description/>
		</definition>

	<definition display-name="Workorder Container" dn-space="dirxml" dn-type="slash" name="idv.workorder.container" type="dn">
			<description>Slash form of Workorder Driver's workorder container</description>
			<value>swaiddev\Services\DirXML\workorders</value>
		</definition>



2/14/2024 12:36:54 PM
Jack:


 - correct container: ou=workorders,ou=DirXML,ou=services,o=swa-idsat
   for workorders in sat.


next: two box to items on 2/14/2024 12:54:29 PM in obsidina
 - entitlements driver - search identity is the admin id . .
 - Don't want this . .
 - fixed in v3 -
 QA



Team, just speaking with Jack on an item, I wanted to give you an update:
It looks like all entitlement policy definitions in all non prod environments have been updated to use IDMProvAdmin. This is just a heads up to make sure we try to move everything over to this account assuming this is still the standard. Thanks all!


Just updated this: 


		<definition display-name="Workorder Container" dn-space="dirxml" dn-type="slash" name="idv.workorder.container" type="dn">
			<value>swa-idsat\services\workorders</value>
			<description/>
		</definition>

