***Please ensure that all review actions (pre-implementation CTASKS) are completed PRIOR to placing the change into the schedule.  If any of the actions cannot be completed, STOP, resolve or escalate. 

OVERVIEW:
Using this Standard Change template implies that you are deploying a new driver or an otherwise low-risk change. Complete these items before submitting:

 - Review all CTASKS.
 - Please add the full URL of the pipeline that you use to deploy if doing a pipeline deploy.
 - Complete the submission process by confirming all tasks properly describe the work to be completed.
	 - Ensure the implementation description field is copied to the detailed description of the implementation CTASK.
	 - Ensure the validation description field is copied to the validation CTASK.
 - Remember to complete the pre-implementation tasks as soon as possible following the submission of the change.


========================================================================================= 
Variables
-------------------------------
    > Driver Name: Name of target driver being added/updated
    > Driver Version: Version of the driver as assigned from the merge to master version number (see version.txt)
    > Designer Version: Version of Designer used to deploy; helpful in diagnosing issues.
    > Primary Server Name: Example: w11dcledirdi013: this is the main server that should run the driver.
    > Secondary Server Name:  Example: w11dcledirdi017: secondary server that could potentially run the driver
 
Variables Update Locations 
---------------------------------
Note: Variable locations have been used only in the Detailed Description field. Every other detail type data in the whole CR has been made more generic to enable a more clear CR generation process.
* Please update all of the above variables in the following sections:
	* Detailed Description
	* CTASK 3.- Pre-Implementation - Ops Team Update
	
Planning Tab:
1. Add the proper CIs to the Change request depending on the Driver that will be updated/changed.  Ensure that all the Drivers involved are reflected in the Configuration Items (CI's)
2.  Suppress the incidents into the Modified CI's Tab
3. Update the change short description with the driver details.
4. Update the driver details in the DETAIL DESCRIPTION as shown above in the Variable section.
5. If using Pipelines, Add the merge pipeline URL from where you are running deploy pipelines to the Implementation task description.
