
12/11/2024 4:15:27 PM
Kyle chat
 - IdMUnit pains:
   - AD driver: Made farily simple changes: 77 minutes to run . .(boo)
   - One test failed . .BOOO!!
   - Looking at ideas to deal with this . .
   - In Junit/Gradle: you can run 'uptodate': allows skipping . .
   - Tests aren't smart enough to only re-run failed items . .
   - Filters let us select tests to run.
   - Can log to a file which tests have failed . .
   - Can just run failed tests!
   - Either in pipeline . .maybe in locally too,
   - Log only failures to a file - only re-run failed tests . .
   - Some times just as dumb as a cleanup that didn't work, etc.
   - If tests are in a failuire state, all the remaiing roles just conintue
   - 3 features:
     - #1 Fast fail a test, go to clean up.
     - #2 Retry failed sheet test . .
     - #3 If we were to log in test running process, and then run all failed tests . .

configurable: yes/no: yes = list of  . .
 - need persistent vs non persistent of all tests . .

 - Update to all driver repos to standards
 -

Cyberark -> AWS
 - Kyle: done some work on Cyberark -> ASM -> IDM
   - Conclusion: cyberark is bad . .
   - standard process:
    carepicture:
     - Have to re-write integration (cyberark metadata)
     - single password object in aws . .
     - instead, there'd be an entry per item . .
   A - single safe for IDM? . . differentiate in some other way . .
   B - Safe per driver: request to create password to map to ASM . .
 - conclusion:
  - Cyberark doesn't exist in production . .eventually there . .
  - We have to use ASM - pipline can't get cyberark . .
  - supposed to use CyberArk . .
  - guidence: also put in Cyberark . .
  - cyberark: bigger audience??
  - likely not want to be early adopter here, don't want to use cyberark . .
  - if we're forced then yes . .otherwise ASM.
  - not deploying passwords yet . .
  - ASM -> IDM process?
  - Whats the value add: automating push of password
  - low tech approach -
     - We're not giving app teams to our ASM
     - Wouldn't do it in cyberark . .
     -  valult per driver: giving app teams . .
     - crossing of vault boundry: between us and them . .bad idea . .
     - if we had in cyberark, and vault per driver: could gratn access to the vault . .
  - Gap between their safes and ours: should be manual

 - options: deploy password . restart driver . .


 - Big design problem: we don't know a password is successful until it logs in and does something

 - three solve:
  1 - store the password in gold copy place.
    - ASM!!
  2 - deploy password from gold copy to IDM.
    - Minimize distance
  3 - test new passwrd.
    - 'testPassword'
    - any given driver: different set of tests: could be 1+ tests . .Goal: Non desctructive/non
    - 1 - Confirm that the password is good.
    - 2 - confirm that the driver can use that password proplery.

   IDtoEmployeeSvc: smoke test:
     - just test password is good from the driver . .some kind of <check-password> xds event would be ideal . .
     - this would: #1 confirm password is working, and #2 in driver properly.


unbound, nldap: no impersionation . . . - extended calls in edir: if


Kyle - Off SWA - normal IdMUnit





