
5/16/2024 12:01:25 PM
Dhivya connect
 - Any other pain points: products? others on the team can help maybe?
  - MyAccess - pain points discussion
  - IDM design RA: requires IDM & business rule chats
  - Analyst - Was to be Mickias
     - Farhan for now . .
     - MyAccess config & others.
  -



Summary:

For our chat today: We can make it quick too - just wanted to mention these items:
1 - Would be fun to talk about obsidian! I love good simple software that does the job.
2 - Losing Admin rights on our local laptops on July 17: IDM team will need to know this - I'm getting ntoes from the meetings.
3 - Only pain item: UFM is super confusing on installation and configuration. ONly option, Chandra Billava, is on a prod issue today.


 - Fun to talk about obsidian!
 - BGat - admin rights removal July 17
 - Only pain item to report is the UFM process for external transfers like we are doing it for IDtoDocunet is either brand new, never been used, or both.
   - Let me show you an example.

     - A portion of the configuration has to be submitted through an old non-ping website, and a portion of it is presented in a JSON file.
     - When I run the UFM transfer manually, this is what I see in the log on the left,
     - when it runs automatically in UFM, this is what I see in  the log on the right
     - I don't appear to have any power over fixing this CyberArk setting through either the tool, nor my JSON file.
       - I'd much rather simply provide all of the data in the JSON file if possible


Summary:
 - 1 - discussion of obsidian: note taking app: She's needing a way to organize better.,
 - 2 - We're losing admin rights on our workstations July 17. there are a few months and other dates to learn new policies, and ensure we don't lose anything; such as the ability to run Designer.
 - 3 -

July 17 - retire adminr ights.

