

Dhivya meeting:
   - Once we're to a point where we've covered everything else, I'd like to quickly walk thorugh the IDtoDocunet driver experience.
   - Gary's 2050 story
     - CR documentation:
       - separate specific standard chaange net new focused . .
       - collaborate with core team
       - documentation for CRs . .
       - Still be specific . .

   - I think all of my current pain is being too hestiant to update Jira due to my ignorance of the rules we have to generate metrics.

   I were to update Jira with the the things that I think should happen, I think I would screw up all the numbers; so I end up just going and doing the work; then halfheartedly go back and try to have my stories reflect what we've done.


   1 pointer -> 5 days? changing oints is ok . .
     - close the sprint -  . .
     - stories 1 point is one day -
     - swap stories - has to refelct story . .
     - ufm rolled over . .
     - update the stories points . .
     -

   -



   - I've been trying to error on the side of fully understanding without commiting anything; but it does mean I do spend time liesting and understanding - which I love; but is hard to trakc in stories.

   - There's lots of somewhat artificual rules to follow to propely and cleanly report our metrics.

   - so in short, I think I need to very clearly undrestand what I can and cant do in Jira, and how to keep Stephanie updated without her hating me.

   - 1 Example: I deploeyd to QA nad Prod this week because they had frozen the phase 1 requirements, and needed the drivers first file dump to create roles, and setup docunet; despite UFM and their destination serber not working yet.
     - those stories are in a future sprint in this PI, and I didn't dare move them despite them being completed.

   - 2 example: Bob dnasby found an edgcase in the MCL driver that we simplyd on't cover there's 2-3 users per month that fall into a sitatuiont hat cuase manual work on their side.
     - Scope creep: if they want done right away, story: room . .

   - Phase 2 they have more roles for one of the collumns we report,
   - then either as part of phase 2, we'll include the file transfer portion: UFM and encryption in dev/qa/prod.

   - Another example: I constantly put in 15-30 minutes ever few days or so to push forward on very high priority things like the IDM driver deployer: I'm in a really good position to test, document and give feedback to the build process that we follow; it would be silly for me to try to push this work away, and it is not interupting my current work.
     - bemindful: creates tory as neede . .

Gary:
   - Status of contract end date -End of April 30.
   - next module: Just configuraton changes . .
   - Cabin Module - adding a role to the flight attendants . .
   -





