I wrote up the folowing ntoes then she moved the meeting to a week alter.

5/8/2024 12:48:29 PM



Dhivya, Here's a general status of things as they stand now; I'm happy to cover these items with you on our call today.



1 - I don't think I have any major concerns or blockers. All work is generally moving forward.

2 - Documentation efforts continue; and seeing other teams update their docs for items I depend on has been a bonus (e.g. Chandra updating UFM docs!)

3 - Farhan and I are much more in sync about story creation and management: I've been responsible for story creation when I see new work that merits it. I'm responsible for the title, description, AC and story points and some sense of priority, then he adjusts the epic and schedules the work.

4 - Ron Smith working as the PM on the SWA side for Docunet has been doing amazing.

5 - Ben has been fantastic in helping to push docunet tasks forward.


Minor pain points:
1 - The Vistair/Docunet app owners are based in the UK. Timing of meetings has been a minor frustration; but not a problem. I've also found them to be responsive during their work hours, and know their stuff well.

2 - I am finally to a point where I've either completed, or created a story for all the work that has come up: I've created 19 stories since April 15th . .which feels like a lot; but I don't have a long history to compare it against. Farhan is doing awesome organizing the stories I've created.

3 - I am relatively new to the standard change creation process, and have hit a few road blocks.


