Jan first week:
 - After Patrick wrote some excellent Altea IdmUnit tests, I becaome the owner after he was moved to another project.
 - Worked with Joe and others to document and fix the gradle build.
 - The move to the gradle build has been a mess . .not super well documented, and people have not naturally dug into it to find out more, nor have they had Kyle to answer questions when they're stumped.
 -
 1/23/2024 3:53:43 PM
	  - Supported Monique in BAES UK
	  - Supported Anders in FCPS ADLDS work
1/31/2024 11:42:35 AM
Did another session with monqie; gave lots of context, and practiced reviewing trace for vrs 1.1.2.6. She should be able to quikcly fix and validate the rest of tests; see BAES MOnique session notes:	  [[BAES Monique sessions]]

 - Helping Rod and Justin fix a git repo that hasn't been normalized from the beginning. . .most likely will just archive/dump the whole thing as the previous history isn't as valuable to them.
 - breifly helped Anders on adlds . .but mostly got Carl involved . . 
 - helping Gary learn SWA processes: still need to go deeper in to MRs, merges to master, and some Depoloy steps.

2/10/2024 12:07:34 AM 
Last week, helped Rod and Justin understand the relationship between their branches and master, and helped them cleanup their history, and get everything merged properly.

2/14/2024 10:32:25 AM
* helped Gokul (git diffing work to restore som needed build settings)
* MOnique some obscure 601 edir obj doens't exist errors
* Gary - Qa breakglacss access

2/21/2024 4:31:46 PM
* Helped Brandon to find a fix to a GCV 'title' vs 'swaTitleDesc' in the IDtoAD driver that required IDtoAD driver history, IDM dev history

2/28/2024 3:39:09 PM
* continued to push Gary's value to be the point man at SWA.
* Documented and sent ideas, plans and paths forward on how he can push our value more explicitly

3/13/2024 11:13:39 AM
* Had Gary send out extra notes around the CI generation process now that it's being pushed a litle more explicitly; then documented it with Gary's help.