# chicken1

Laithan had only been in his favorite seat a few moments, when he heard it.  AT first, Laithan thought it was a faint whistel the wind made as it went through the trees, but the sound persisted.  Closing his eyes, he listented harder.  The wind died down for a moment, and Laithan caught the distinct colleciton of a few notes of an organized song; definately not the wind.
Where is it coming from Laithain tought distractedly.  He knew the mountans well, and could find any place in the range with is eyes closed, dogging every tree, and every root that would threaten to stop or slow him.  He decided the sound was far enogh that it could be al the way at Solo Lake.  It wasn't really named that, but Laithin couldn't help but think of it that way.  It was a beautiful small lake that seemed to rest in the mouttain range like a cup of water held by one of the Protector's angels.   The water was painfully blue and clear all the way to the bottom. The trees shaded the water in such a way as to allow any amount of sun light that a swimmer might wish to enjoy.  Laithin had swam in the lake many times, and enjoyed it almost as much as the baker's rosebuds. (prepare: rosebuds and lathain).

Laithin jumped from his thinking place, and (prepare:" thinking place . .give the place a name.) begain running directly towards the lake, jumping through the trees lke some frightend animal.  Laithan knew that if he couldn't find the source of the sound soon, he might loose it, and be unable to find it's source.  As he ran, he allowed his mind to clear, until the slight notes on the breeze was all that was registring in his thoughts.  It was a trick his dad had taought him, to have such a clear and focused mind,that every other thought, not immediately relavant to the current task, disappeard as an ephemeral could in the wind. As he came closer to the rise that looked over the lake, he could clearly make out 4 voices now.  A deep rich bass, a clear strong tenor, a well place alto, and a supano voice.  The song was so clear now, and so wel harmonized, it sounded like it ust have been a family choir, or some other blood related singers.  The song had so much sadnes sin it, that it threathend to pull tears from Laithan's eyes.  He swallowed some tears down, But a few others got away from him, and he began to sob deeply and quietly. Since Laithain's mind was in the lock his dad hd taought him, his mind was completely still his own, his reason held in place like (simile here). Laithan wasn't one to cry at every song; there was something almost other wordly about it.  It seemed to pull at his heart like a past lover. After a moment, Laithan realized he stood motionless simply listening tl the music.  Something wasn't quite right about the music, it seemed to not be overly loud, yet it seemd to be everwhere now, as if volume was simply something the song was unconcerned with.  The four voices tied together, pushed pulled and completmented ach other in a haromny that Laithin felt he simply understood deep in his mind. Laithan cleared his mind, refocusing his awareness so he could move without being controled by the music again.  It took longer than Laithin would have liked to admit, but he was off and running again towards the lip of the small valley that held Solo Lake. Now that he wsa even closer, he realized that he would have to set his mind like he neverhad before, holding on to the clear awareness that would keep his mind from wandering again.   When he finally crested the rise however, his resolve began to melt away like ice during a sunny day.
There, next to the lake, was sa woman apparently doing nothing but resting her feet in the lake. She was sitting on the same flat rock that Laithin himsel fhad used for hours.  Large enough for 4 large men to sit side by side comfortably, the woman looked tiny istting at it's edge.
  Laithian must have made a noise, because a few moments after seing her, she spun around, suprised at the unexpected inrusion.  all 4 voices suddently stopped, in the middle of a series of notes that haddent yet resolved into a (definition: closing resolved notes). Hearing the music stop so abrubtly was like being torn from a deep sleep, your mind suddenly forced to reject a prefious state of mind.
uh  . . . HI .  . .Laithan said stupidly.
Helo, I didn't hear you coming. She responded quickly and politely. Laithan noticed she was pretty, but somehow didn't seem to match her voice.  It wasn't that she was ugly, but Laithin would havet expected that voice to be owned by a queen in a full flowing dress. The woman that stood in front of him was simple. She wore a simple green shirt paired with a light brown pair of knee length shorts; the colors blending in nicely wiht her surroundings.
 
Laithin looked around for the quartet.  The lake was surrounded by deep forest, and a few other rocks simliar to the one she had chosen to sit at.  There were many hidng places that people could have gone, but Laithink couldn't see hw they could have hidden so quickly.
