# PSCY 2018 -1

PSCY visit 2018

 - Things are reasonably going well - does any one come in and say I'm doing fantastic, nevermind, have a nice day! ? 😃 (this is the "doctor" problem: no one sees you when things are going good . . LOL)

Summary:

* Thank you
* BTW: I can't get offended - and I want to test it: I would like you to know that you can speak your mind; if something needs to be said please don't hesitate: There's no need to be "politically correct" when you talk to me.
* Very open conversations with my brother - gay & sexual tendencies
	* Very Existential conversation; I feel like my mind is very free now. A part of me (as an LDS member, we know this is our soul) is completely free of addiction: gives me a huge amount of peace and vision: like the part of me that can actually hold the whole universe in my head, and feel nothing but gratitude and awe.
	* Conference: twice I'd consider a failure - I know with addition I need to retrain my brain between the stimulus and response and do something else.
	* our prophet - gave strong push to unity and I don't know if exactly said it but a strong being worthy of personal revelation; this is valuable to me.
	* Ontology conversation with my brother; very mind opening: talking about why reality is the way it is has given me some direction and life purpose again I think, I was flailing a little.
	* I made some comment about being irritated at my 20 copay to come here, and my brother immediately sent me  40 bucks, and I burst into tears. so here I am.

We've talked about a lot of things, but I wanted to chat about 4 items.

1. BE - we've talked about porn; but this we haven't ever talked about, and I haven't ever said anything - also hypnotism.
	1. This one is the catalyst for me being here.  I'm torn between feeling like a freak and having a strong desire to stop; and yet at the same time having something that is so deeply satisfying, that doesn't bother my wife; even talking about it makes my body go nuts.
	2. part b: I'm deeply satisfied with my wife; and she's even gone to extra lengths to even do more for me; but - bzy problem. I'm overjoyed that she has such an incredible experience now; though I'm feeling somewhat incidental in the whole exchange. If we go get an inf bra for her to wear; then sex becomes about the toys; and something about that really worries me.
	3. More: time where my cousin and I being goofy boys fatman and ribbon, where I'd pump myself up with a beach ball. wasn't sexual for him at all; we were just weird kids; but I knew it made me feel good so I did it; and it grew from there.
	4. INF, the tension it implies is the physical expression of exactly what I experience as sexual desire.
	5. Extreem amount of satisfaction: but my brother asked a great question to himself and me, "What is driving me to do this?". I think I'm not getting enough phsyical contact; it doesn't even need to be sex - but I do want Leah to touch me all the time, sexually and otherwise.
		1. I think I'm looking for an excuse to continue in my addiction.
	6. You said once "competition": I don't see it this way; but I think she does
		1.  I am in the mind set that I like cookies and nacho chips, I simply like and want both.
	7. Feel ilke I'm at a tipping point: Guess I need to make up my mind: either be worthy of personal revelation, or keep my sins. (I do feel like they are sins).
	8. Starting to think that God gave us sexual desire for a bigger purpose: he knew we'd screw it all up and have a variety of appetites, and it's a part of creation - like he's giving us a test trial on a specific godly attribute; but still seems pretty nuts that sexual desire exists and is so strong; aside from the obvious reason of populating the world.
	9. (4/18/2018 6:19:41 PM- Just heard Rise UP o Men of god: just heard a line: "have done with lesser things".  . . .doh . . 
		1. This is both the solution and the problem.
	10. Leah's and my conversation on 4-18 - Wife/Husband - baptism, but issues.
2. Money - we've chatted about this too; but bottom line is a major expectation mismanagement + not being able to get on the same page; I'm probably odd in the sense that pure numbers are enough of a reward for me; she needs something fun . .
3. Weight.
4. Messy house.

I am feeling worn out.  I'm done experiencing feelings, the roller coaster of pleasure and pain. I love my kids and now with this ontology pursuit has really helped - I'm done with the daily grind of life; But my money is screwed, so even thinking about a vacation causes more problems.  I'm fat and getting fatter; I can not seem to reduce the chaos in my home, I just want to throw up my hands and quit. 
     - With that said, I still don't feel like suicide is an option; I'd rather just not exist any more, and never had existed. POOF, and be done with it.
     - I think I've said this before but I think I'm relatively smart and present enough to work through these things; but the dang cycle of screwing up and starting over again is wearing on me, it's a weariness that doesn't go away with sleeping - Netflix, inflation, or hypnotism are extremely easy ways to hide - I have be somewhere, doing something, even if it's just sitting on my but on the porch outside; and THAT bothers me to; I can't just not exist for a while.

*  funny part of this is that at some level it's just an expectation problem: If I was ok with my sx. tendencies, being fat and a messy house, I wouldn't be torn up inside; though I'd probably just be blind to a potentially better version of myself; so I think I'm still ok going down this road: since I still believe I can choose, I've got to make up my mind.
* Are you sick of me yet? :-)

The question on point 1:

*  If for no other reason than to regain more will, I think I should stop with , yet at the same time; I don't want to. I am a very self contained pragmatic and selfish person; so it immediately seems like a great solution.
*  I probably made the problem worse by training myself to respond sexually to it.
