# pscy 2018 - 2

Anxiety:  I have a lot more than I thought I did.
    It's odd: my thoughts (outside of the addiction thing) have been quiet, and felt controlled: the anxiety exists outside of my thoughts - I'ts now obvious to me; that emotions are experienced independent of thought, but it wasn't initially. Seeing this anxiety was like taking off your shoe to find that your foot is rotting - pretty scary and quite unsettling.

Items learned from visit 1

* I have a lot of anxiety.
* Had very similar conversations with you regarding anxiety during last visit (reviewed notes); though have forgotten to stay in the habit of watching my emotions.
* Learned to be aware of anxiety.
* Learned to watch for triggers to addiction.
	* Surprisingly effective here: It's not a matter of will power any more: the initial stimulus dissipates! of course, I still have to get up/leave/replace what I was doing with something else.
* Remembered we chatted about this already; but I apparently forgot to watch my anxiety.

Anxiety sources

*  Driving in genreral, but more specifically in places I don't normally drive, or lots of traffic. 
* Thought echo: feeling like I"m being analyzed.
* Doing anything that's not my regular routine.
* Interesting one: speaking to any one with any amount of authority: Biship, police, boss.
* Being late to anything (feels disrepectful but more than that, I like to be sitting ready to go early on so that I don't have to walk into a crowd of people)

Working on personal Mantra. I need something to remind me to watch the anxiety: So far these are the important points, but want to consolidate and memorize it soon - Goal: remind myself to watch both my thoughts and anxieyt.

* I am Aaron Kynaston.
* I choose to be a rational, faithful person.
* I am free of addiction.
* God loves me and is aware of my situation.
* The savior already felt and carried my feelings.

Summary: I can see that addiction no longer has teeth: but I get the feeling that the two year old screaming in my head isn't going to stop for a while. My thoughts are clear and managed (now at least); but anxieity still a bit random.
