# Talk on Depression

Jared,

I have had a really crazy week, probably due to a lot of pressure over the last few years, as you might have heard. I think my brain finally popped last Friday, and I hit some pretty crazy depression. I felt overwhelmingly pressed to write this and send it to you as a result of my experience; if we never talk about it again, I wouldn't get my heart broke; but my experiences put me in a really good position to talk about some things.  I am seeing psychiatrist today, and you after church on Sunday to update you with what has happened.

Hello Brothers and Sisters.

I really hesitated giving this talk, as it is somewhat more personal in nature then a sacrament talk normally is; but I've felt so pushed to share it; either the spirit is pushing me, or I'm going nuts or both. I've received permission and help from the bishop on how to talk about this, so please bear with me as I share this with you. I'm upset hat I'm such a simple person, and not the kind that can bring to pass greatness, just the kind that is raw simple; but I feel very strongly that this will be helpful. I don't want this to be an exercise in narcisism.

Over the last few years, I've had some struggles that have been a bit soul crushing. They're nothing in comparison to things I know that happens in this world, and even in our ward; but they've been enough to change me.  Last Friday or so, I was asked to give a spiritual thought in a meeting. It's in a meeting of people I deeply respect and care about so initially, I looked forward to the experience. After writing up a though on personal struggle, I immediately felt terrible, I know I've given this though already, and here I am tlaking about personal struggle AGAIN, and here I am trying to share something where I'm doing good and succeeding, but I couldn't do it: I read through the thought again, and realized that if I gave it, I would have to standup and leave the meeting, because I felt so upset with myself that I wasn't succeeding. I realized I simply couldn't express faith as I felt so bad about some struggles that just won't go away no matter what I do.  Later that night, filled with overwhelming gilt and frustration, I though ok, fine - I'll say a prayer right? I don't know how it is for all of you, but when I'm going to pray or read scriptures, I like to try and feel the spirit. I'm kinda stubborn and and simple minded, so it takes a sec to reach out.  The problem is that when I reach out there was NOTHING THERE AT ALL.  I didn't even feel the capacity for the spirit, and I couldn't do it. I immediately thought to myself, its good that I still believe in God right? to my dismay, I tried to reach for that hope and faith, that God exists, and it was gone too. I was terrified.  Sure all of us move forward in life, some times in apathy and have mediocer days; and this is expected, not to be dramatic, but I had never felt such a hole in my soul - it was like some one took a razor blade and cut that out of me.  

For the next three days, I tried to come to terms with this and what it meant. I just assumed that I am no longer LDS, that I simply didn't believe in God at all, and it was nuts.  I breifly considered, maybe this is what insanity fees like - maybe I"m just going nuts. I told my wife that I simply couldn't do it any more, and of course she was deeply hurt; but I wasn't sure how to continue coming if I didn't feel any of it. I realized I was done with the church completely, and I didn't know what to do. I had a chance to live my life for 3 days without any hope of God, the ability to feel the spirit, and I was in pieces.

I began planning on how I would possibly tell my family about my new disposition. After seeing my closest friend, and wife go through an overhwleming amount of pain, I was stuck.  How could I go on telling people that I was done with the church? I had already caused my wife so much suffering, and now I was considering doing it to my family? I shouldered on; carefully deciding who I would tell and when; I knew I couldn't do it by myself, never in my life have I felt so lonley. I'm a big fan of DC 10:5 where we're supposed to pray always; so it was even more painful, when I went to try and put a prayre in my heart, and realize i didn't have any faith any more, it was like a punch in the face multiple times a day.

As I've heard some of you share, suicide seem to become a viable option. Thankfully, my wife had been extremely supportive, constantly listening to me, giving me some amazing support, and I have a pretty deep seated gratitued for my concious ness, and simple ability to perceive that I was able to push this off.

Thankfully, in her pain, my wife asked her parents for help. At one point her mom said i was having a mid life crisis. For some reason it made me mad that she would boil down my pain to something so common. I tend to be someone that loves to have an open mind and learn about all I can .. . as long as it doesn't take to much work; so I got on Google and read about it.  It turns out that I pretty much hit every bullet on the definition of a mdlife crisis -  I was pretty upset, but later in on the document I was reading, it said that a mid life crisis followed by traumatic events is inextinguishable from depression.  There it was, the big D word. Thankfully, I've heard some of you speak about it, along with Brother Bean. So I at least started having hope that something could be better; knowing that this might simply be due to a broken head, and God hadn't stopped existing suddenly.

My wife suggested I get a blessing; but I felt immediately hypocritical to be considering a blessing that uses a power directed to a being that I didn't believe in. My mother in law said, do you believe in Leah's testimony?  Without a skipped beat, I said yes - I'll happily rely on Leah and do as she would have me do. Her mom then said, Leah, tell him to get a blessing, she did, so I did. During the blessing, I was told to remember those times that the spirit was so strong that I would have to be completely unconcious to not sense it. I remember in my stubborn head thinking, I can't feel anything! I'm completely disconnected; but of course the memories started flodding in. I immediately felt quite a bit better. the times I was able to remember were so closely matched to what I needed, and to what I already needed, that it was almost spooky.

**I wanted to share this because I know there are more then one person in our ward right now going through this pain**. I am sharing this, because I wanted to tell you that I love you. Please find some one to talk to about your troubles; Do not be ashamed of the struggles you are going through, go get help. Some times help is a psychiatrist, or a phshcologist and medication is involved. Do not be ashamed of your medication. God has faciliated both the struggle and the solution; do not be ashamed of what he has given us to fix our issues. Some times it is the bishop and the source of our pain is sin or addiction. Do it, and do it quickly. Roy Bean's discussiona while back was awesome: tlak to him or some one like him; these people know the human mind, and can help. Please know you are deeply loved. Whether our struggles are due to happenstance or sin or any outher sorce, they both can be resolved. Repentance is so real.  If you need some one to talk to, please feel free to talk to me. I know what this pain can feel like.

I feel very strongly that atonement acts like a is a universal binding agent. The infinite suffering of the savior swallows up our miniature suffering. We can safely move past the pain and fear and the worst depression imaginable, as the atonement has already overcome these items. We can be bound up to the savior like before. We are part of the saviors church and should act like it. We have an amazing ward that is capable of so much love and kindness. Lets continue to drop barriers of apathy, laziness and fear, and be real loving people to each other. the person next to you may need a hug, be available. Be amazing. 

I say this in the name of Jesus Christ Amen.
