# The protector

Salia Masterson sat at her desk.  one side was covered in piles of papers, each of the sheets covered in writing, tables and numbers scribbled everywhere. At least it was a clean, organized scribble. Candel light from three fat candles flickered over the stacks of paper, casing three flowing shadows, laid in three different directions.
This wsa the only part of her job that she was frustrated with, although it was predictably quiet. The stuffy little room was comfrtable, but became unbearable after a few hours.  the foyer at the entrance had a window, but it didn't seem to help much, even when open all the way.
A short man, dressed in a simple dark blue robe stepped into the room carrying another stack of papers covered inj the same careful scribble.
"Hey Benson, just put them over there," said Salia as she stood and streatched.  She gav ehim a rye croked smile. "Yea, just push them over.  Yea, right there." she directed. Benson smiled back at her, not showing any teeth. He dusted his ink stained hands.
"There's more where that came from" he said, his rough voice grating in the silence. "I need to finish up the last one, and I'll bring them up."
Salia wondered how the man could stand working in his basement rom, what's worse, he even lived down there. The man was a good friend, but that didn't mean she understood him. 
She looked down at her papers and pursed her lips.  She rubbed her eyes, and stood up.  It was crazy to think of all the work the Protector had to do.  Benson did a lot of it, but these were the the records she had to review. Everything from the import of special ingredients for Tysons bakery, to the number of bricks Teven was exporting up north to Yist. Some one had to review the final counts, and confirm everything seemed relevant.  It really felt like a waste of time, Teven was meticulous in his records.  He hired only peple that were more obsessive about records.  The scores of Burners,  Lifters and Spreaders the man hired, kept the city moving.
Salia stood, she pulled her maroon shirt down, put her arms through her jacket, and started walking towards thefoyer. 
"Benson, I'm going to go do my rounds now. Have a great night ok?" Salia reached for the front door, then stopped. She turned, looked at the fat candles.  She lifted her arm, her open palmst pointed at the candels. Then, one by one she closed her hand at each candle, and it obediently went out, plunging the room into complete darkenes.  Slaia, was the daughter of a Lifter, but the gift had never fully come to life in her.  She could lift objects, but only at a short distance, and nothing larger then a childs marble.  The Lifters that Teven hired could lift entire palets of bricks with ease.  hundreds of pounds lifed only by the power of will. Salia was just glad some one coud do the labor, and keep the town running.
Salia steppe dout into the cold spring night, the moon light covering the ground like a melted frost.
Salia had lived in Vey long enough to know where all of the perfect dark alley ways were, where all of the shadyier pieple would be right now.
