# Untitled Note

Decade thoughts:

I've had a somewhat goofy decade; the quick summary is that I could deeply tell that God was displeased with my casual treatment of the Gospel and my membership in the church. Being a member all my life I had picked up bit of a superficial testimony. I ended up learning pretty abruptly that I needed to fix things and make my life better. I'm so greatful for loving helpful people in my life. I recently heard someone tell me that it is a tender mercy of God to give us people that love us. It is very humbling to be loved and valued even after your shortcomings are so visible.

I quickly came to realize that the love of God is very highly pervasive. It's like we've been placed in these bodies that have these individual shells of conciousness right in the middle of a vast sea of the love of God; I feel strongly that this is a majorly reason why this is called the lone and dreary world, simpy because the love of God has been set further from us then ever experienced  before; so that we truely have a chance to show him that we can choose our way back.  

I'm trying to pick up a new habit, where I setup a vacuum of sorts in my head, constantly pulling at the sprit, and at the love of God, so that I"m always ready to pull in as much as I can possibly contain; what a blessing.  I feel like a brand new person. My testimony is still very simple, but it is fully mine, and probably more substantial then any other point in my life.  I love God, I love the reality of God. I am eternally overwhelmed at the power of the atonement, and the extreme efficacy of it's ability to rebuild a human being. Isn't that cool?  Our awsome prophet pleaded with us to come back to the path, whether we've just slipped off, or can barely see it any more, and now I know I can be healed and free of my own limitations and it is because of the love of God and the atonment of our amazing saviour. I know God lives. I know Jesus Christ is our savor and I say this in the name Jesus christ, amen.
