# Untitled Note

GRandpa letter - Birthday 1/23/2015 8:27:25 AM

Dear Grandpa,
I just wanted to write you a quick letter on your birthday and tell you how greatful I am for your life. You have inspired, taught, laughed and worked with me for many years over our shared lifetimes.  It has been such an honour to call you my grandpa. I know these recent years have been tough as physical limitations have required a change in habits, both professional and personal. This has made me think about my own life and the fact that this life is temporary for all of us; people have been born, live their lives and pass away for a few thousand years; it's a crazy ride isn't it?  It's pretty nuts to face our own mortality. Leah's grandpa passed away a few weeks ago, and I got mad at God for a while for there being so little known about what life is like after this one. I am greatful for the doctrinal understanding of what happens, but I wanted more . . thoughts/feelings on the subject. I told my Elders quorum president and he recommended a book called "Life Everlasting" by Duane Crowther. Suffice it to say, I'm not mad any more!! This book is a list of hundreds of experiences of people passing away, then coming back to tell about it.
I recently told this to a guy that moved into our ward, and it turns out he knows the guy and works for a publishing company.  I had a great conversation with him about how our spirits can natively communicate to nearly all inanimate objects because they too have a spirit. We truely live as part of something so incredibly amazing and so totally above our understanding. Ever since reading a portion of this book, I've wanted to get my but in gear and really do something meaningful, know what I mean? :-) 
I loved the time that we spent in Etna. I have so many invaluable memories that I will hold close to me for the rest of my life. I big portion of who I am was defined in Etna - time spent with you and Grandma, and long bike rides with Brent.  And one amazing plane ride I was barely big enough to remember ;-).
I love you very much. I want you to know how much of a positive impact you have had on my life.  I feel strongly that my kids have deeply benefited from portions of my personality that I got directly from you. 
I hope you are well grandpa.  I have a strong desire to set aside more time, and just sit and let you and Grandma talk about life and tell me things that make you happy.  Could we schedule a time to do this? Even if you want to just sit and complain and be frustrated with life, I want to know what you are thinking and feeling.  We can have a good laugh and a good cry together as needed.  A wise man once told me that It'll feel better when it quits hurting.
Thanks!
\--Aaron
