# Untitled Note

Dev plan aaron - 2022
I had some notes going into the dev plan discussion, but not very good comming out of it:

* IDMForgeRock test - thankfully that's complete.
* IG training - That's well undreway thanks to Patrick.
* I realized I didn't get specifics on next steps, should I go after the accreditation part of that now?
* Also, Srini asked if I was going to be going out to DC any time soon; and remembered the delayed trip I was going to do to do some trainings; is this something we're still interested in?
	

2022 - dev plan buddie - Srinivasro Karri

*  Another puzzle sessions
	

prevoius notes:

Dev plan notes:

I need to ask for an extension on the forgerock training. It's going to take 3-4 days of solid training. If it's acceptabable, I think as busy as things are my goal is to set a date for late february. I'm stressing big time about this test.

Document stuff to get done at SWA.
Good training for new people. Age, review
FR IDM

Personal goal:
     - Kinda a permanent item on my todo list; but still love to learn more specifically about encrypted communication: how SSL works would be cool to learn.
         - still couldn't describe how it works to some one else; and I'd like to get that far.
     - Identity governance stuff - actually see some of it in action: right now I think I've only seen the provisioning side, and disjointed tools that do random pieces.
     - Now that I'm comfortable with Git, I tink it would be cool to learn Mercurial and other source control systems - this isn't immeidately valueable to Trivir, I'm really interested to see what directoin other source control tools go.
     - Like to revisit signing commits with the gpg stuff; that didn't stick so well in my head.
     - Microsoft identity manager?
     - I'm interested in doing more java programming.  I'm realy missing good error handling with drixml script and the garbage powershell stuff we have to deal with.
     -

Team goal:
    Some random half baked ideas:
    - I'd like to see if I can help out more with IdMUnit; though I don't know wha this would like like; and it of course would only benefit a small section of the team.
        - I'd like to help greese the wheels from fixing an issue to accepting the pull requests and building a new IDMUnit; it's too useful; and we've had some cool updates recently with the DXCMD backed by ldap.
    - With our regular retros and reading groups, I've dropped the ball pushing for other people to do lunch and learn style trainings.
         - I think Patrick's IG training will be good; but I think it'd be good to help organize that and keep regular things on the calendar.
         - Teaching stuff to the team has been quite cool for everyone including the teacher.
    - I think it would be cool to help out with the build server.
         - The whole GitLab process is quite a bit bigger than I thought; in the Southwest setup they spin up docker containers for just about everything; even simple version bumps require spnning up an envirnment, cloning a repo etc.
         - The would be a surprising amont of setup.
         - I had hoped it would just essentially alow us to run an ant buildscript ona  remote server, and commit the results; maybe put the binary artifacts int he right place.
    - One thing that I know the whole team would benefit from is some help in managing time a little better, and actually getting real progress on box 2 stuff; with dedicated time everyweek.  There's such a box 1 storm of stuff to do at southwest it just gets drowned out.
    -
