Really studying the gospel almost every day since the end of June or so has been really eye opening. Through consistent lasziness I had got to the point where every monring was filled with nothing but Netflix and doom scrolling. Don't get me wrong, I love Netflix and doom scrolling; but My attitude general feeling towards the world really suffered.

It seems that we are born with minds that are somewhat more sensitive in what we see & hear in the monrning, as if the whole day follows in that particular path . .interesting. It's still a struggle, as I tend to be looking for dopamine every monring, and instead try to get the spirit in there somewhere, and I get crabby, but the effort has been valuable.

I just read a bunch of Think Celestial - When he startd talking about beginning with the end in mind, I was already hooked as I love the 7 habits, and that's #2.

Pres Nelson starts talkng about how Heavnly Father's plan for us if fabulous. A definition for fabulous is exceptionally good, and I love that word and definition. With so much chaos, catastrophies and pain in the world, we really need a fabulous plan. 

Then Nelson talked about something that really resonated with me. He talks about how his struggles are what have helped him to appreciate the savior, and learn about him.  Most of the time when I'm having trouble, I just get angry and bitter.

He says at one point: 

'As I have wrestled with the intense pain caused by ==my recent injury, I have felt even deeper appreciation for Jesus Christ== and the incomprehensible gift of His Atonement. Think of it! The Savior suffered “pains and afflictions and temptations of every kind”[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2023/10/51nelson?lang=eng#note2) so that He can comfort us, heal us, rescue us in times of need.[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2023/10/51nelson?lang=eng#note3) Jesus Christ described His experience in Gethsemane and on Calvary: “Which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore.”[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2023/10/51nelson?lang=eng#note4) My injury has caused me to reflect again and again on “the greatness of the Holy One of Israel.”[](https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/general-conference/2023/10/51nelson?lang=eng#note5) ==During my healing, the Lord has manifested His divine power== in peaceful and unmistakable ways.

What a fantastic way to deal with general pain and struggle. When thinking about responding this way, I find that the spirit keeps a correct focus on the things that matter.

Growing up I loved to pay with legos. Back then you could get piles of random legos for not too much. While they seemed to start pushing ideas of what you should build, I felt a lot of freedom in building something, and it was fantastic.  The only problem, is that I tended to like to build something that my 6 year old brain was intricate, and I'd carry it around the house. Any of us that have playde with legos know all to well what happens when you have about 3 pounds of a lego construction that you accidently drop on the floor.  It makes a big mess. 

I imagine that when I can feel the spirit, the deepest depression and most overwhelming anxiety I felt would fall to the ground and lose cohesion just like those legos. Not only would I be free from these over powering negative emotions, but I could see how shallow, and unimportant, and unnecessary my anxiety and depression was.

When you are in the grip of depression even the ability to detect hope and value seems to disappear; but the spirit truely shows that depression is just unnecessary emptiness that can be discarded as if it were dirty socks.

My wife and I talk a lot about negative overpowering emotion, and our favorite response is to stand, flush the toiet, and walk way. There are some things that simply don't need more attention.



