



10/21/2024 10:00:28 AM
Trivir monthly meeting
 - sep - rev some drop - 725/775 - 
 - YTD - 7.4M - half milliion above goal
 - effective rate: 220 -> 215 sept - increas ein non billable/non-billable.
 - workalue: 770
 - under contract - 3.7 -> 4 - when report under contract, this is what is reasonable for us to invoice the remainder of the years.
 - there's more; but this is all we can invoice.
 - Revenue - finally closed LAUSD - undercontract and funded. all ping AIC - about 6.7 Million contract
 - submited propsal to sign - was 53 weeks
 -  - we only ping partner doing this kind of work - k-12 . .
 - HR related topics
	 - payroll - October 29 payroll run
	 - Octane comment: still in beta
	 - Moved from netsuite to quickbooks desktop
	 - Move desktop to online version
	 - pay attention to email notification
	 - link will send to a new UI to verify voucher.
	 - slightly different look and feel.
	 - Doing variable comp as well.
	 - Be very careful to vew pay informaiton - lots changing.
 - variable comp statements - hoping today or tomorrow for these statements.
 - Julie sends password protected spreadsheet
	 - working to automte this a bit.
	 - Brian and Aaron - working to atuoamte.
 - Health reinmpursment acount
	 - need to check
 - FSA
	 - money don't get back . .
 - open enrollment - nov 12 - west coast - 13 . .
 - premiums increase . .
 - IRS - FSA contribution limits still determining . .
 - some health insurance review still.
 - initial quite from UHC - plan exactly the same
	 - Same as the plan this year - %16 increase
	 - My component - 16% increase premimum . .anualy family plan: 40 more for family, 7 more for individiuatal
 - 3 key elements - performance & contract - 
	 - Don't get any PII information from client . . do not accept, get Bob/Huston involved. NO PII! employees, ocntractors, etc.
 - two items:
	1 - limit our use of open source software
	2 - any product/document that uses AI . .
	- don't use open source tech unless onctractional bob, tecnical Huston
 - project kick off meetings: Bob will review with PMs - Pms will keep oopensource and AI sensitivities.
 - chat cpt/claud/chatgpt . .
 - Okta - okta has a new feature: limit AI data egress . .
 - last - Zaikier Baritch - new employee.
	 - born and raised in raligh - CS degree.
	 - got software inegeer 1 year. Cloud security at lenovo.
	 - Zyquier Brownridge
	 - 
