3/11/2025 9:59:52 AM

2024 review
2205 targets
grotwh plan
how to succed at trivir

2024 attainment
9.8 M 105% of goal - 218 effective rate
 - few hours nonbillable/non invlice
 - increase in rate
 - last of the year: 230 . . pretty high . .

2025 targets
 - 10.3 M target
 Feb - 873 invoiced . .
 Monday march 31 pay
Growth plan
* 32 employees, up rom 20 in 2022
* 5 pms!
* growth curves - 10.3 - 14M targeted in 2026 . .
* updates:
	* talent/business/partners
	* opentext
		* still not ilm released . .saas ig is strong
	* ping
		* lots of growth, some odd pressure from investors . .
	* Okta . .keep inmind . 
		* very helpful when it comes to onboarding
	* Verosint 
		* we are only partner . .partner of the year lol
	* Veza
		* gen revenue - afcu
		* rampng up
		* 63 cusotm connectors!
		* they wanna keep going
		* out of the box an custom
		* 800 apps at afcu . . .3-400 to connect to veza . .
	* financial institusions focus . .
		* Huston: interesting: industry catching up: federation . . .
		* rule 1033 - consumer proection - some rules and other things coming together to really push for what we provide!
		* pressure and security on banks is really helping us . . .

What is Okta CI?

* identity governance
	* veza, ping/okta, netiq ig
* Brent - mention of culture changes in other companies . . TriVir staying Trivir
* MOnique - pivot to/from government


Mike
How to succeed at TriVir
* Lots of new hires - focus and fresh eyes on things . .
* we have 12M in capacity at 75/80 utilization
* Challanges about coming up to speed
* increase hourly rate, decrease writeoff, or increase effective rate
* work more hours: 60 hour targets!! not desirable . .
* each produce more with the same input: how we spend the 40 hours?
* Consistent inventory: hours we provide
	* billable hours per consultant: going down
	* FTO - excessive
	* smooth consistent performance - 30-40 every week . .
* Avoid Failure to communicate
* Care for tools
* Generate leverage
* Sharpen saw - 
	* mental
	* physical - working out . .tredmill - udemy!
	* emotional
	* spiritual
* Empathy - understand clients business
	* win-win - be on their side o the table, head in thier buisness
	* Goal: be best and most expensive company in this space.
* PMs - mostly write off; but focuses on the experience . .
* want 300 dollars this year for our posted rate
* leverage: be in the positoin to help.
* Staffability
	* breadth - lots of knoeldge on random things
	* product certificatoins: not a technical soluiton; but poliically lets us proceed
* speed of learning!
	* kinda fixed . .key success criteria - speed pu learning
	* Strategies to learn faster
	* some of us not fastest learners but work in abilities
	* breadth can help speed up learning . .
* Understand enough of the technology to be ready on the next project.
	* habit5 - listening: understand
	* HIgh bandwith
* Want to feel commitment from engineers.
 - end mike

Dev buddy list - updated this week.
* 








