Dhivya Sync up

1. Carbon black slowness - long story short; need to do more testing; likely something else is happening.
2. Thoughts on moving to the new vendor.
3. MCL
	1. Create a single story per sprint; update points based on volume of work.
	2. Transfer to ops?




DETAILS:
 - Follow up on Carbon black and slowness
	 - Found a dash entry about it:
		 - https://southwest.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=%2Fkb_view.do%3Fsys_kb_id%3Dec9d5f52dbbbb7401fe8c553059619b9
		 - That KB seems to describe a healthy scenario; so I need to do more research, and come up with a reproduceable-on-demand scenario for them to study. 
	 - I think Git bash and Git CLI on windows is simply slow . .though it would be super valuable to speed it up if we can. If I need to spend a story sized amount of effort on it, I'll submit one.
 - Move to the new Vendor
	 - Giving thought on the new Vendor - whatever w'ere moving to, I'd love to get it installed into the dev, and immediately decide our Git and pipeline strategy. Out of the three options we saw I know Forgerock lends itself to git nicely; though the others we can figure out too.
		 - It can be super tempting to skip some of these foundational steps, and I'd love to be a part of it. Coming up with a sensible way to store, normalize, and build the general development cycle is some high value stuff.
	 - The recent push to GitLab pipelines has required more documentation and some training. While the move to the new vendor will invalidate some of our pipeline work; having our team know how to use pipelines effectively is super valuable. I am assuming we'll use Git and GitLab for the new stuff whatever it ends up being.
 