



3/28/2022 12:44:38 PM
Latest cab advisors:
John Mapes and Brian Barrett are the two new CAB Advisors

6/13/2022 1:30:15 PM
     - Jessica - MCL back on the 16th?
     -




Austin Gregory:
I'm part of Enterprise Contact Center
	I am the release manager for the team, we oversee all of the telephony/work force management for the call centers, SOS and CR
 - Context: last spoke on 2020-02-25 - about USAN: found out they won't have a system for us.

Patrick Nash - main contact at usan
	email: patrick.nash@usan.com

Antonio Quesada - engineer for usan
	email: ESTIMATED EMAIL: antonio.quesada@usan.com

Alicia White:
	2021-03-04
	 - Member of our team that just had a baby; had good chat with her about kids.


Christian (from Crederra)
	 - Hired on as monarch project owner.

Ed Powlik
	 - guy that seems to have quite a bit of sway with CRs.
	 - Using his notes to figure out how to better submit Crs.

John alongi
	 - on our EE team, does my access stuff.

Chandu
	 - Does CyberArk related stuff.

Steve Stone (steve stone2@wnco.lcom)
	 - Backup for John alongi, my access support, who is  on EE team.

Marisol Reyes
	6/9/2021 4:38:11 PM
	- Just spoke with me about how SAP folks key in terminations into sap.
	- Gave a handful of term/fix term updates.
	9/1/2021 9:38:15 AM
	- Just gave prehire event, wiating on event.
	- Tryhing to confirm we'll get a reinstatement event from them.


Dennis Martell
	7/27/2021 10:45:21 AM
	- was the guy I worked with on TeamConnect for the IDtoTCContacts driver.

7/28/2021 3:10:36 PM
IDtoMC testing meeting
 - Jobin John
 - Jennifer Gahagan
Had a meeting with these folks to talk about how to test IDtoMC. Turns out the driver just does the adds, and maybe subsequent modifies; but is likely not involved in the actual facility requests.


7/30/2021 11:38:01 AM
Robert Winkley - app owner for IDtoCorpSecurity
- Came to me and Christian Buechel about QA data not in his system.
- Seems like IDtoCorpSecurity may not have a test system in QA; so we'll be sending him the files
and test IDs to see how to proceed.

8/4/2021 4:52:35 PM
robert.wigginton@microfocus.com
 - Rob Wiggington - apparently is the swa dedicated support engineer.  Asked questiona bout DC's having suppoorted mutliple HostNames value in the registry, and the use of the DC pwfilter passwod time out.

8/5/2021 2:48:31 PM
Prema Krishnaswamy
 - Possibly developer for the Comply365 driver.
	8/9/2021 10:26:08 AM - closed endto endtesting with them.
10/20/2021 7:54-:44 AM she's out for two weeks, gave me "Jyothi Titus"

8/6/2021 2:32:30 PM
Kelvin Nguyen
	 - Helped with IDtoFMS testing.


8/9/2021 3:36:55 PM
Jobin John also listed as Tririga owner.
- Jude Rogowski - may be the guyy to allow our w11, and hdqq servers to talk to tririga.

8/11/2021 1:57:03 PM
Alfredo Janh - contact for IDtoPoliteMail. Spoke with him just now about the header row,swaPersonnelSubAreaDesc being populated or not; but need to be maintained.


8/13/2021 2:07:41 PM
Sean told me about Carin Rabie.
Carin Rabie will be the Product Owner for our IGA pod (so filling that same duty that Dhivya was for Enablement).


8/18/2021 3:02:50 PM
Andrea Greene: worked with her on testing import of IDtoAutoMessaging file into Everbridge; she needs to submit incident .


8/23/2021 12:34:09 PM
Johna Rutz - did testing with the IDtoIDF driver: need new connection factory and password for 'idm' user.
- knew to tell us to use

9/13/2021 2:48:08 PM
 - Jake Rasmussen - seems to know a lot of team connect stuff.

9/15/2021 12:51:19 PM
Tiffany Forrest
 - Was ont he phone while we were trying to do the swaWorkdaySecGroups testing:

9/22/2021 10:14:38 AM
WorkdayHCM questions:
Warren Alkire (on my team, contractor from microfocus) contacted these guys about the loss of ability to set security groups in Workday.
Omar Belinfanti
Greg Campbell

9/22/2021 10:41:00 AM
These are the two guys that deal with prod Crs: email them after submitting a production CR to approve.
Ed Pawlik
Mitch McDaniel

9/24/2021 1:54:59 PM
Jeff Grant - listed as owner to USAN
	9/24/2021 1:55:53 PM- Teams message just now to late him know I"m mporting the latest driver next eek.

10/11/2021 5:20:47 PM
SAP folks from Jack Sellers:
	Laxmi Kata
	Swami Swaminathan
	Jeff Ochoa
From Dennis Martell
	Shelly Luke
10/12/2021 3:15:24 PM
From meeting today - Swami gave me these names:
	 - Rhonda Rossman
		 - Raj Jalwadi
11/10/2021 3:29:18 PM - just emailed marisol Reyes, rhonda rossman, and raja jalwadi about getting swainvcode data.
	 - Rohnda immediately added Cheryl Wheatley
11/16/2021 2:19:49 PM  = Rhonda Rossman - send me the data Dennis Martell wanted forIDtoTCContacts spend limits


10/12/2021 1:38:40 PM
MCL driver folks:
Steven Galloway had me send cn=e67703,ou=Users,o=swa-idsat a few times
	from w11qcledirqi010.
Others on the chat were
Ashish Khaparde
Jon Wallace
Sawyer Hicks

Sawyer was the only other person actually chatting; Ashish mentioend soemthing about qa3, vs qa1.
Driver was already on qa3, but build script was qa1.


10/22/2021 3:04:23 PM
Nino Ciraulo - guy that may have Email address policy data . .

10/29/2021 2:26:11 PM
IDtoEmployeeSvc folks I spoke with today about Colton's issue: birthright roles not being assigned.
	 - turns out they are; just something is stirpping them at aboutg 12:00 am from what I saw).
Linda Gulledge
Sai Ponaboina

10/29/2021 3:18:45 PM
Anuj Gupta - owner of Qualtrics. Contacted him to get help on prod network issue
xlseidv04: driver works fine here.
     - 6/15/2022 8:41:42 AM - note:Anuj is also an MCL developer


w11pcledirpi011: driver won't connect from here
sdcpcledirpi011: driver won't connect from here.
Anuj hasn't supported this for a while; pointed me to Stephen Slater, he pointed me to the "PO", then said:
Isabel Chang -> now - 11/2/2021 8:17:53 AM - update: Jake Douglas says update should be done thursday.



11/1/2021 2:13:08 PM
gitlab folks
 - Jono Dorsey - Seems to answer most gitlab questions
 - Michael Richard - also a contact
 - Alice Jones - also a contact


12/15/2021 6:55:27 AM
 - IDtoSwaumobile owner update:
	Hi Aaron! I have actually moved teams so no longer the correct contact. '
	Reach out to Andrea Greene or Sarath Dindu - they should be able to answer
	your questions or at least point you in the right direction!



2/2/2022 3:11:41 PM
Joe Alvarez - going to help me install docker desktop on my swa machine.

2/15/2022 10:14:57 AM
CAFM	Hugo Hernandez	Hugo.Hernandez@wnco.com
Hugo Hernandez -
Stephanie Rosales

	2/22/2022 1:22:24 PM - Hugo and Stephanie gave us Jobin as the contact for this.f


2/25/2022 10:08:23 AM
Olga Muteba: found duplicate admin ID issues: Needs businesslogic driver cleanup work.
TASK6580405

4/4/2022 4:28:35 PM
Siddharth Ruchandani - Leader; team has ability to set passwords in Employee Services says Colton.
     - Also contacting for IDtoEmployeeCare picture when latest passwords don't sseemt o work, and give a weird 404 error.
     - Secondary just given
     4/18/2022 12:37:46 PM
     Ugandhar Reddy Mallakunta


4/6/2022 11:52:09 AM
Had meeting about Ramadan; main presentors, Wahaj Haq joined later.
Omar Suleiman
Sqib Khalil
Ousman Afzal
Aresa Shabbir
Guys, thank you for this meeting. Forgive me for my possible incorrect vocabularly, but I really love and respect the level of spirituality involved in Ramadan. I love to see the amount of dedication and thought that goes into this is impressive. I am humbled by your dedication; thanks again!


4/12/2022 12:51:37 AM
[12:50 AM] Shabnam Panda (Contractor)
She's the contact that just had her baby, and sent me IDtoSirax, IDtoAD/IDtoCAFM driver errors.


4/18/2022 12:28:20 PM
Siddharth Ruchandani
IDtoEmployeeCarePicture

4/22/2022 3:49:35 PM
Drew Davis - Very helpful chat about odd 'replacement' behavior:
     - seems like a user/contact combo (which is normal for a contact that can log in)
     - had their contact data updated; even e/x id changes; so it seems like it's not the driver; but the 'User, IDMTest' is listed as the perpetrator.
     -

4/28/2022 12:29:36 PM
Tia Bradley - did training just now on knoweldge base stuff; and I think how tow write a good KB article.
Mike Henry did some slides too; seemed to be knoweldgeable about it.



6/13/2022 11:34:15 AM
 - Wanda (tiara) giving us list of contractors . .
 - Robert Winkley - spoke with him about xIDs and



6/15/2022 8:42:26 AM
- Thiti Archaphorn:
         - MCL related . . mentioned the state code mappings difference.

 - Chris Holmes
     - MCL related; maybe some higher up in MCL team?
     - Helping push CR for table config update

 - Arthur Houf
     - MCL related
Cleo Knowles - perioud not character in MCL . .
    - Also talks with TSA for regulartoury standpoint . .
Sara Freed







6/22/2022 3:55:26 PM
Adriel perkins (Contractor) - talked about more gitlab stuff; lots of conditional/coding type stuff; looked like java.
Alice Jones - talked about a help pipeline.



6/27/2022 11:54:00 AM
Irving Flores - OQS higher up level dude; wanted help on stuff.


7/28/2022 4:00:42 PM
MIke Cendana - contact for IDToGitLab apparently; gave to Ruben


8/17/2022 3:26:52 PM
Jean Stephens
Funny lady I worked with on IDtoSumTotal to ensure wd-merge can retreive all workday data.
 - She's also the lady I've been working on setting wd-Merge for users missing jobCode, 8/17/2022 3:41:12 PM


8/18/2022 12:02:31 PM
TJ Panniker - taought a cyber security leaders session; really interesting chat about important things in live.

9/1/2022 4:02:15 PM
IDtoGitlab: from ruben:fyi, if the base url for qa is down then need to reach out to Brandon Little or Mike Cendana.



12/15/2022 4:09:00 PM
Bob Herst  service desk guy; was hoping to talk with me about issues.

12/19/2022 4:11:15 PM
Spoke with Darren Porter about PRB0076658
     - was very helpful and we confirmed the ticket is closed.


12/20/2022 12:36:34 PM
Trying to resovle PRB0076577, app onwer we had listed is: Priya Kommuru but it was wrong, she gave me:
   Arther Houf, and Joythi Titus
but Joythi said this:
[12:38 PM] Jyothi Titus
Aaron Kynaston (Contractor)Jothi, Arthur, I have heard one or both of you are Comply365 app owners, and I'd like to chat about PRB0076577. I just need to check some expectations around how terminations are taken care of when you have a moment.
Actually Nick Kohlhepp who is the Comply owner in Central Pubs would be a better resource on the data

Nick Kohlhepp: Sent him the note, but he may be out . . last seen about 5 am this morning . .







1/19/2023 2:05:06 PM - Moved all beeline data to same section:
6/13/2022 1:15:10 PM
Shelley Luke - Has WorkdayAccess, and is working to keep beeline data updated in Workday.
     - She's a Hero!  We found June 27, 2022 is when Beeline suplData will be brought in; but she is already keeping thisn updated.

6/17/2022 2:42:41 PM
Chandra
Helped to simulate downlaoding a file for beeline feed - w11pcledirpi012

12/15/2022 1:03:58 PM
These two people I contacted about invalid characters in the Beelinefeed.
Katie Morris
Katie Stewart


1/19/2023 4:09:47 PM
Joe Alvarez - spoke with me last tuesday about my newlaptop.

1/20/2023 1:33:05 PM
IDToCrowd - Leury Sanchez
 - Seems to have ability to see inside crowd system; will do tests with him on duplicate email used for contractor and employee.

2/1/2023 10:18:52 AM
Neill Shazly - on our terraform call; I think he knows the user name terraform suers.
Other people on call
Puja
Michal richards - mentions terraform has an ldap module.


2/27/2023 9:46:03 AM
Denton allen - helped me unlock my account.


3/13/2023 12:01:12 PM
Conner Mulligan - met last week on site at SWA - works with Terraform
Brad Fischer - guy behind Conner, loves golf
Samantha Mathistad - Also worked with Coner.

3/15/2023 10:08:09 AM
Sai Ponaboina - IDtoEmployeeCarePicture helping with refresh token in DEv/Qa prod


4/18/2023 11:13:01 AM
Juan Alonzo - may have more info on INC5200445 - IDtoAD manager sync issue
	INC: https://southwest.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=incident.do?sys_id=1f3551aa47b1e9d4b2666914846d43bf
	- also just fixed a middlename issue; maybe able to give info on this.


4/24/2023 9:41:38 AM
Observability meeting
	Adrial Perkins - OpenSearch to parse data, get data, log data.
	tim short (not sure; was on meeting.)

4/24/2023 1:12:23 PM
Cheryl Wheatly - contact that should know more about "individual contributors" mappings for swaemployeegroup.
	Others from Cheryl:
	Sure!  Or someone from People Systems can assist too (Heather Wilson, Kellie McDonald) since I got the requirement from them.



5/18/2023 9:37:11 AM
Dakota Teafatiller - Good guy to work with: helped with manager doesn't sync to Ad issue.
Brian Bell - Guy that gave me change auditor access.
        - 10/17/2024 9:21:08 AM - Also workedd with him in eDirectotory when a group had an x200B character at the end of the group name - AEAM_DATA_CONTENT_VIEWER_S - it appeared in ad as x200B or something simliar . .





5/24/2023 9:22:06 AM
Yatin: writer of CAFM driver.

5/25/2023 12:27:33 PM
Brandon Ainsworth: main contact for the 'Desktop team'. Ben P give me his name as someone that would have an opinion where to put AD accounts.
John Maske: Brandond recommended he be on the phone call as well. desktop team.

6/1/2023 8:25:02 AM
Per my questiona bout etouches/aventur app owner
[8:21 AM] Alex Daniel
Culture & Engagement Technology - Cooper Sides, Bill Condon, Jude Rogowski are the contacts


6/8/2023 9:12:50 AM
Basam Yacoub - may be admin rights on desktop; saw in demo.


6/12/2023 3:02:20 PM
Ben Tung - ASked for list of AD non DC window names, he's applying some sort of rules to non DC servers.


7/3/2023 10:26:13 AM
Nathan Memmot and/or Kevin Prior are our account managers . . They were brought up when we were considering IDM 4.7.


7/10/2023 8:44:55 AM
Gary Personnell notes:
Taylor - Does SSPR, Some IDM (doesn't like it).
Paul - Story Manager  . .
Brenden - new guy, was hired on recently as an employee
Kyle - AWESOME dude - I have a lot of time spent with him working to solve hard problems: TriVir almost hired him, but he didn't want to move from Ogden.
Ruben G - Quiet guy; very smart, does well and learns fast - has done more IDM than others; not as much as KYle.
Melissa Martin - DEals with PRBs/INCs (PRoblem and incident tickets) - helps coordinate that effort.
Baron - Tech Lead - all decisions should be passed by him.
Grant - SCRUM master - runs standup; directs how we do regular meetings etc.

7/10/2023 9:51:17 AM
Send to Gary:

IDtoAD rewrite:
https://confluence-tools.swacorp.com/display/CYSEC/IDtoAD+Driver+rewrite

Nino Cirulo - Big AD & Ping dude - knows alot about AD, gives us lots of hints about how AD driver can be better.
Cody Lezinky Simpsons - Manager of Ops.
Ed Pawlink - asst mgr
John Mapes - TL asst mgr . .



7/18/2023 1:33:26 PM
 Brittney Herbst - Main contact for the Workday update meeting (march/sep notification meeting.

7/21/2023 11:05:21 AM
Ruben Vargas - CR (CHG or Change request) - Seems to be the guy that takes main point on helping to push to approve CRS . .etc.



7/26/2023 12:07:02 PM
Justin Wilson sent LMS training for CR submission, recorded for Gary.
CR training:
https://southwest.sumtotal.host/rcore/c/pillarRedirect?isDeepLink=1&relyingParty=LM&url=https%3A%2F%2Fsouthwest.sumtotal.host%2Flearning%2Fcore%2Factivitydetails%2FViewActivityDetails%3FUserMode%3D0%26ActivityId%3D251251%26ClassUnderStruct%3DFalse%26CallerUrl%3D%2Flearning%2Flearner%2FHome%2FGoToPortal%3Fkey%3D0%26SearchCallerURL%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fsouthwest.sumtotal.host%252Fcore%252FsearchRedirect%253FViewType%253DList%2526SearchText%253Dtechnology%25252520change%25252520owner%25252520training%2526startRow%253D0%26SearchCallerID%3D2


8/2/2023 2:48:01 PM
Sindhujaa Manoharan - IDtoSirax request for sapuser bapi call
     - Someone asking for how the BAPI call is being made.
     - aka 'Cindy'



Ali - assistnam emnaager . .
Chris liddle - product owner (stephnie is product owner)
Yvonne - scum master
    Ben Cunday - analyist
    FRahan . .  analyst
    NEW - alyast on new on monday
    Micky - Monday
    - All local on site . .

Joe Giv
MIke Labit

ping
    rashan
    kent
    washeem

My Access
    Minoja
    williy

ONce a month team presentation
     - Present on anything you want . .
     -



Jessica onwed all of enablement.
Dhiva and Ali - split to support different portfolias
     - CSCE - customer customer, technical operations, oeratoins -
     - ourside: people and infance - workday
     - technocloy platforms, cybersecurit and infrustructur e. .

Hallie Greenewalt - Miro app owner.
     - Aaron Smith, aaron@miro.com is a Miro support person.
     - Sara Bartell, sara.b@miro.com is a second miro person; haven't herd from her yet.
     - Mark Ashley is Hallie's manager at SWA.
     - 8/14/2024 12:31:48 PM- note Arvin Kamau is the latest contact now

9/1/2023 2:13:16 PM
Did some testing with Trent Rutherford and Sean Troxel.
Trent - asked for me to push users as a FANH (#4# with no association)
Sean was ble to verify for me.
 - They call this CSS destination database HYBB . .


9/14/2023 12:02:28 PM
SAP PO requirements meeting

Jeff Ochoa
Venkatesh Manavala
Sandhya Baja
Laxmi Kata

Waiting on Yatin . .joined at 9/14/2023 12:03:33 PM
Nirosha L
Manoj N
Farhan Rahman
Chris liddle
Murali Poth. . .


9/19/2023 1:31:22 PM
Ulises Medrano
 - on the Gitlab team, deleted my badly created template/IDtoMiro repo.



9/21/2023 12:49:47 PM
Brandon Bennet - has helped me before on some CRs I think . .don't remember
 -Today helped me to start getting cyberark installed ons ervers.

9/21/2023 12:52:25 PM
Germonte Jordan & Chandu helping me with getting miro onboarded.

  . .
 9/28/2023 1:57:36 PM
 Jordan Bardwell - Miro guy that gave me the dump of miro users in csv format for initial migratoin planning.

9/29/2023 11:16:49 AM
These guys helped out with dis-IDtoCSS-PushInstructions.txt - pushign users through IDtoCSS in QA:

IDtoCSS support team:
Aaron Roeder
DAkota Teafatiller
Ed Pawlink
Eric Green
Rodrick Tyes
Tisa Johnson


10/16/2023 10:38:03 AM
Derek Stout: just heard on csee sync up that he's the cyberark contact. I think.

11/1/2023 9:48:33 AM
Brandon bennett - giving cyberark overfiew meeting while on site.

12/4/2023 4:30:40 PM
Prasadarao Nalajarla - This is the guy Joe's talking to about Altea stuff, specifically, the DALWN01XX value.


12/7/2023 3:01:02 PM
Altea people on IDM Atlea driver review
Thes seem to be SecurityDB people:
  Chris Bandy
  Nagaraj Nandakumar
  Brent Mcclinktock . .
  Stephnaie
  Rodny Turmon
  Patrick Holdernos


12/11/2023 1:44:44 PM
Kathleen Stewert - owns MCL in prod
   - 12/18/2023 11:42:06 AM - Also was the person to help me get on the MPL for MCL Viewer access.
Chris Holms owns the tech side,
program owner is Thribhuvan Thakur (per kathleen on the last two)


12/15/2023 9:26:51 AM
Personnel on MCL:
Thiti Archaphorn: SME that helped me get into MCL viewer through JMS




1/11/2024 12:20:29 PM
John Slaughter - duplicate CIS . .
Matt Thomas - guy who ran the CMDB discussion meeting . .office hours kinda . .
links to CMDB stuff:
Email: technologyconfigurationmanagement@wnco.com
Teams: MS Teams Channel
Sharepoint: Configuration Management / CMDB (sharepoint.com)
   - link: https://wnco.sharepoint.com/sites/SWALife-Technology-Organization/SitePages/S(1).aspx?xsdata=MDV8MDF8fDY4ZDlhMTZhZDE1YTRhYWE4OGVlMDhkYjI1OTEzYmQ5fGY1ZDNiZDljYThjMjRlZmM5NDkzZGRmMmQ0YjQyZjE3fDB8MHw2MzgxNDUwNzc5MDc2NTQ4OTR8VW5rbm93bnxWR1ZoYlhOVFpXTjFjbWwwZVZObGNuWnBZMlY4ZXlKV0lqb2lNQzR3TGpBd01EQWlMQ0pRSWpvaVYybHVNeklpTENKQlRpSTZJazkwYUdWeUlpd2lWMVFpT2pFeGZRPT18MXxNVFkzT0RreE1EazVNREkyT0RzeE5qYzRPVEV3T1Rrd01qWTRPekU1T2pFeE5EaGhaV0ZrTWpCaE1qUTRNVFZpTW1Ka05tSmlObUpqTlRCa05qWTRRSFJvY21WaFpDNTJNZz09fDQ5ZTk4N2ZkYWE3OTQ5ZjY4OGVlMDhkYjI1OTEzYmQ5fDkzODE1ZGY5NTlhOTRiZGNhYzczYWI5N2I1MGQ1NzQx&sdata=RHNjRGtZZnBIY3MzMFdIQ3VYeHRUQklmU0hMd1dQOC94aWRNSHE0ajJaMD0%3D&ovuser=f5d3bd9c-a8c2-4efc-9493-ddf2d4b42f17%2CMatt.Thomas2%40wnco.com&OR=Teams-HL&CT=1705002349623&clickparams=eyJBcHBOYW1lIjoiVGVhbXMtRGVza3RvcCIsIkFwcFZlcnNpb24iOiIyNy8yMzExMzAyNjIwMiIsIkhhc0ZlZGVyYXRlZFVzZXIiOmZhbHNlfQ%3D%3D

1/11/2024 2:51:57 PM
Nagraj Nadakumar: updating him when idtoaltea driver deploys are done.


1/16/2024 3:32:10 PM
IDtoCSS Call regarding 21 -> 45 & swatitle codes fix . .
Trent Rutherford - main contact
James Broussard
Dakota Teafaltiler - Ops contact
Renjith Pass . .
Morgan Braun - has higher level data . .gave some job code examples.
Drew Bezner - Was able to immediately verify CSS data had gone over - HE VERIFIED CSS DATA WITH ME IN PROD!
Eric Maras - Verified payload for JMS, and also manually entered everything for the Cr covering the 4 SU61 users.
Frederic Carlson - aka -Rick is giving us more data baout total list of job codes.  also worked with him on 1/18/2024 9:50:45 AM to push emer contact data on CSS (jsut did a #4# after having swaExpectivehiredate in past)
Gary Morris
Rebeca Ellahi  (?)

Benito Oviedo - him and Renjit Pascas may be able to help me identify users that can be supervisors or traininers . . .


1/17/2024 11:43:11 AM
Vinay Thirunagari - I think it's IDtoFusion contact; and also mentioned in the IDtoSlack CI -> RITM, that IDM drivers are "not in scope for ARH entry"




2/20/2024 7:45:13 AM
IDtoDocunet (Comply365 -> DTF driver conversion)
Nick Kohlhepp - DocuNet/Comply365 Product Manager
Srikanth Pasam – DocuNet Solution Architect - responded to status report . .pm of some sort?
Chris Klein – DocuNet UAT lead
Ron Smith/Erik Kastmiler – Project PMs – Vendor contact, status updates, task escalation
Gerardo Escalante: Chris Holmes asked Gerardo to answer my question about connecting to Comply365 in dev to do a baseline.
Jorge Soto - seems to do lots of IDtoDocunet technical responses


2/21/2024 12:19:31 PM



2/22/2024 11:21:49 AM
Update for Joey; people to include in SWA meeting:
Stephanie.Smith@wnco.com
Farhan.Raman@wnco.com
Ben.Cundy@wnco.com
Dhivya.Balasubramanian@wnco.com
Joe.Gividen@wnco.com
Yatin.Dodia@wnco.com

Stephanie - Project Owner/Story PM of the CE team, the one I"m on . . .I think Gary is too.
Dhivya - I believe is the manager of the CE team - she's smart and has some strong opinions on this sort of stuff.
Farhan and Ben seem to be in a similar role; possibly one level higher than Stephanie and Dhivya
Joe and Yatin are the 'tech leads' that took over for Colton . . they may be good to keep up to date at a minimum, especially if we want to change the way we quantify work.


3/19/2024 10:56:42 AM
Vistair team: UK side:
Ron Smith - main PM, from SWA side
Srikanth - may be secondary PM from SWA side; seems to be able to make some decisions.
Andrew Wiles: seems to be the guy to talk to at a PM level maybe . . though seems to have some techn background.
Ben Cundy
Chandu
Chris Holmes
Chris Klien: UAT guy for IDtoDocunet.
Jack Sellers
Jorge Soto - another tech guy on ourside .
Nick Kohlhepp - good contact for field data in IDtoDocunet.
Robert Wiggington
Thomas Puttock - external: vistar: seemed to answer some SSO stuff . .not sure what else he knows.

Chandra Billava - Apparently is SWA Mr. UFM!


3/21/2024 1:45:23 PM
Lainey - she knows about ethical hackers at SWA; may be handy to have in our drivers.

[1:43 PM] Lainey Miksch (pronounced Lainey Mik-shhh)

So the best way to engage with them is going to be our [intake form](https://southwest.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=%2Fcom.glideapp.servicecatalog_cat_item_view.do%3Fv%3D1%26sysparm_id%3D358810e81b252d50c20e41d8b04bcb80%26sysparm_link_parent%3D599aab060fe475008783918172050e1e%26sysparm_catalog%3De0d08b13c3330100c8b837659bba8fb4%26sysparm_catalog_view%3Dcatalog_default%26sysparm_view%3Dtext_search "https://southwest.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=%2fcom.glideapp.servicecatalog_cat_item_view.do%3fv%3d1%26sysparm_id%3d358810e81b252d50c20e41d8b04bcb80%26sysparm_link_parent%3d599aab060fe475008783918172050e1e%26sysparm_catalog%3de0d08b13c3330100c8b837659bba8fb4%26sysparm_catalog_view%3dcatalog_default%26sysparm_view%3dtext_search")- you'll want to select "Application Risk Assessment (ARA)" as the category, and the submit option as the sub-category. From there you'll get the link to fill out an ARA, and then you submit! I'd recommend doing a code scan before you start this process to catch anything you can going into an assessment. And let me know if you have any questions ![🙂](https://statics.teams.cdn.office.net/evergreen-assets/personal-expressions/v2/assets/emoticons/smile/default/20_f.png "Smiley")

Contacts for the PenTesting team:

Manager - Dan Lupascu Pruna

Tech Lead - Mark Babcock

Dash


3/25/2024 2:27:21 PM
David Ricaud - last editor on the SSH key config for UFM on the site: https://southwest.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/APIGW/pages/101253604/3.+SSH+Keys

Rebbecca Dean - David gave me her name as someone that could help with the JSON form - should set up SSH keys as described in the SSH+keys url above, then enter them in the JSON generation form.


3/27/2024 11:48:52 AM
Sufian Bhatti - Guy working on my RITM9866147 firewall rule for IDtoDocunet UFM copying; seems responsive.
(updated on 5/9/2024 4:01:51 PM) Akanksha Verma - was the guy that did the dns check, and the CR to do the firewall work.

4/5/2024 9:11:38 AM
Erica Shaw: person that owns the avuser.get_office_id function call that seems to not give us an office id at times; so trying to talk with her - this is the Altea PRB, \#2024-04-05 issue.


![[Pasted image 20240405091145.jpg]]


4/5/2024 2:16:26 PM
Robert Skinner: accidently included in our meeting CSS meeting today: has a 30 year old pilot license, and scuba; had a fun chat with him today.

4/15/2024 4:17:39 PM
Stacy Rasmussen - person in 'Flight Ops' that may answer questions about Pilots CASS access if not on the MCL.

4/23/2024 10:24:30 AM
Amber Mangalindin - lady that did the kickoff meeting for admin rights removal . .not sure which admin right s. .


4/25/2024 3:23:06 PM
Just got the note that Mickias no longer works at SWA . . so sad . .dang monkies I like him.

5/1/2024 12:53:44 PM
Lisa Hood - gave me two oreo cookies today! had the colorful shirt on!!


5/2/2024 10:00:54 AM
Enrique Barba - helped me with Ee standard change . .first Jonny nelson has to review/evaluate, then he pushes it to the next step; which apears to be Sean Caroll now.



5/14/2024 2:47:47 PM
Mathew Raymond - contractor that is going to help me verify firewalls for docunet

5/16/2024 12:12:46 PM
Chichi Pearson
 - Met her on shuttle to HDQ onsite; she is helping me manage my IDtoDocunet incs I'm triggring due to ufm config issues.
- q


5/16/2024 12:23:01 PM
Amber Mangalindan - speaker on BGat regarding admin rights removal on laptop. WE can use this email address to ask questions.
[EndpointPrivilegeManagement-DG@wnco.com](mailto:EndpointPrivilegeManagement-DG@wnco.com "mailto:endpointprivilegemanagement-dg@wnco.com")
* Also can talk to her about admin rights for pwoershell scripts  . . .designer etc.



5/23/2024 12:32:11 PM
Justin Wilson: updated me that we only need to post to the expedited channel: 'https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a4895e76daac14a8791e2422febb19f81%40thread.tacv2/Expedited%2520Change%2520Approval%2520Request?groupId=7a28b1d2-6e8b-447a-a29c-7989013bf0fc&tenantId=f5d3bd9c-a8c2-4efc-9493-ddf2d4b42f17' if we need immediate review


5/24/2024 9:05:59 AM
Ryan HOlcomb - TCC - gave weather report on CAB today. 5/24/2024 9:05:40 AM



5/30/2024 3:50:25 PM
Ben Tung (along with Angelina Rainaldi)
Asked me tody about the IDM CI and server infrasvcs1410. The server looks like a 2019 target server for idm; but it never completed install . . told them to tal with Harsh.

6/3/2024 9:27:47 AM
Song Ye - appears to have created the perl script for the IDtoCorpsec driver in prod . .not sure why not using UFM, NIrosha doesn't have anyh context.
#----- Corp Security - contact Song for questions
01,16,31,46 * * * * /opt/idmfiles/scripts/CorpSec_output.pl
	 - 6/3/2024 9:38:03 AM- she responded; that she no longer support IDM works; asked me to get with Jack sellers.
	 -


6/3/2024 1:50:17 PM
IDtoAvioBook contacts
Nader - my main contact
Vincent - spoke with him about how to understand aviobook codes; he was new too . .
Bridget Pieratt - Nader brought her in today to chat with Vincent; they're figurint it out together now.


6/5/2024 1:38:00 PM
Amy Ashiknanzy Murrell - Described how flight dept + techlog roles are

6/7/2024 12:30:27 PM
Carmen Alverez - PRB manager for EE team - had ENGOPS - EE PR chat meeting today



6/14/2024 2:06:48 PM
 - todo feedbacl kyle: idmunit notes:https://southwest.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CYSEC/pages/154010376/Writing+Maintainable+and+Functional+Unit+Tests
AvioBook contacts:

Cabin: Kinsley Johnson
   - Cabin
   - confirmed that the swap to the jobCode should be ok; they only care about jobCode; and the switch on myside should result in the same role bieing applied.
   Example:

    swaTitleCode=FA01 & swaDeptCode=04 -> avio_cabin_fa
    jobCode=FABL & swaDeptCode=04 -> avio_cabin_fa

Flight: Fatima Galano
   - Flight
   - point in right direction for Pilots_D ownership and changing . .to jobcode . .
   - sr vp job code but also pilot
     - Alan Kasher
     - e58442
     - flight opts different than flight ops . .
     - may not be a problem
   - Dispatch has different owner of this . .
   - are job codes used across dept codes . .
     - Heather Kirkpatrick - knows more about dispatch
     - 6/14/2024 1:44:12 PM- she mentioned she may not be best contact for aviobook roles . .
	     - she recommends: Lindsay Rothman or Alyssa Kirkpatrick
     - Amy Ashkinazy Murrell - is her manager
        Suzie Wentworth 6/14/2024 1:54:05 PM- contact for changing Pilots_D group.
          6/14/2024 1:54:50 PM- she's out of office, sent her this:
          Hello Susie! How are you today? I watned to ask, you are you responsible for the Pilots_D group? do you know why it is still using swaTitleCode instead of the newer/more granular jobCode attribute?




Techlog: Chris Grubs
   - starting point for Techlog

6/25/2024 2:50:48 PM
Anish Rao - I think he's the one that's helped me merge stuff

6/27/2024 11:35:36 AM
MCL meeting:
kevin McGonigal - started call
Richard Gordon ?
Sabitha Vankireddy - Will be working with her to give driver info
Cristy Laffey
Cleo Knowles
Opey Adegboye - Sabitha requested his help to chat with Farhan and get me a story.
Robert Dansby - main MCL guy; worked with him a few times on a few drivers.


7/15/2024 10:30:52 AM
Tia Bradley - will be replacing mat Plazza - intake type stuff It hink.
Dalton Porterfield -is giving presentation on myaccess auditing, regarding workflows that can be deprecated/cnmosolidated.

8/13/2024 12:13:13 PM
Fixed our maintainer vs developer merge rights issue.
8/13/2024 12:12:49 PM - Saulo Oliva fixed it by setting rights to merge from Maintainers -> Developers & Maintainers


8/14/2024 12:31:56 PM
Arvin Kamau is the latest contact for Miro now; he seems to have replaced Hallie Greenawalt.

8/26/2024 4:16:10 PM
Contacts for IDtoBrowserStack
Guthrie Schoolar: main
Haley Trammel: PO - joined then left.


10/23/2024 3:59:00 PM
Francisco Monroy - took care of my ritm to add readme to app-as-id-repo for my work to move repo to normal spot:
C:\work\app-as-id-data-files>git r
avkorigin       git@gitlab-ssh.apex-tools.prod0.prod.aws.swacorp.com:x266698/app-as-id-data-files.git (fetch)
avkorigin       git@gitlab-ssh.apex-tools.prod0.prod.aws.swacorp.com:x266698/app-as-id-data-files.git (push)
origin  git@gitlab-ssh.apex-tools.prod0.prod.aws.swacorp.com:csiam/idm/common/app-as-id-data-files.git (fetch)
origin  git@gitlab-ssh.apex-tools.prod0.prod.aws.swacorp.com:csiam/idm/common/app-as-id-data-files.git (push)


10/24/2024 11:28:04 AM
Patricia Williams - did Lupus chat - very powerful, learning what people have to deal with every day. Amazing lady, dealing with lupus - blind for two days, constant medication, multiple different glasses . .etc - detox from medications sheesh.

10/24/2024 12:42:53 PM
Dustin and Kenton are brwoser stack support guys
dustin.g@browserstack.com
kenton.s@browserstack.com


11/1/2024 11:09:59 AM
Ugandhar Reddy Mallakunta - gave us the latest passwords for DEV/QA; validating now.


11/11/2024 10:03:17 AM
Gitlab - meeting two, getting names of people on the team:
DevOps Tools Engineering - Gizmo Pod
Chris Hanna Manager
Josiah Duka PO
Pooja Sijalpati Scrum master
Joey Khashab - lead tech cloud DevOps Engineer
Regelio Ramos - Sr Cloud DevOps engineer
Billy Draper Sr Cloud DEvOps Engineer
Chris Zhang System Engineer
Viq Siddiqi Technology Clooud Devops engineer
Mike Cendana Principal engineer




11/19/2024 2:31:44 PM
Logini Sivalogan - brought up the call, and helped us test.
Jeff Wilton - was able to give me some role/profile ids for IDtoEmployeeSvc/EmployeeServicesRoleMgmt driver
Farhan Rahman
Joe Gividen
Josh Saulson
Kyle Burkhardt (not present; but did check our accounts, but didn't find any overlap.)
Paul Antony - (not present)
Yatin




11/21/2024 2:29:03 PM
Claudio Reyes - asking for CHG0420393, Yatin's idtoemployeesvc deploy that missed the classifyevent/checkgating policies.


12/4/2024 2:48:48 PM
Shelly Easley
Back on 11/12/2024 10:24:41 AM, spoke with Shelly Easley - she was a Dash person . .might be a PM or PO . .
Shawn Currey - just now reminded me as someone that should be included in our Dash meeting.


4/25/2025 1:19:01 PM
Aviobook: 50+ FA's tried to have access; but swaStatus=P, we don't support that: app team is discussing inernally to see if we should. Call had these people
Me
Am Ashkinazy
Dhivya Balasubramanian
Duce Duce
Kinsley JOhnson
Michael Thompson
Nader Hassan - mainc ontact
Natalie Harvey
Ron Freer


4/25/2025 5:36:54 PM
Sailaja Bhagavatula - Helped us realize our EMPUAT1 user didn't have rights to set

5/2/2025 11:12:06 AM
Hector Jaquez
helping with awk/sed/grep isses

5/14/2025 3:23:48 PM
Alex Fredlake - user that Nader Hassan gave me as someone that can help me answer IDtoavioboko api questions.


5/14/2025 4:59:09 PM
Guy helping me with UFM on Docunet . .what's his name? I just saw a successful INC for docunet I believe: INC6613365

5/16/2025 5:07:34 PM
Bala Bandreddi - working on first UFM crashing INC! good we have an INC now for these failures; but I don't know how to fix the problem . . Sent this to him/her  just now:

Hello Bala! How are you today? I hope you are already enjoying your weekend!  I had a question for you when you have a moment, Monday is totally fine. I see you've been assigned INC6613365.  I left a note for you on there to reach out to me if/when you can work on this. 

I think we'll have to ask some of the owners of the UFM app to try and get information on this . I don't know how else we can proceed . .there's simply no information on the UFM config.  I was the developer that originally setup the IDtoDocunet driver that produces files for this UFM process, and configured this process with the help of . .Chandra Billava. Let me know how you'd like to proceed.


6/3/2025 11:47:27 AM
Workday folks I believe:
Marci Godfrey
Cheryl Wheatley

6/9/2025 11:15:11 AM
Gerald Dunn - helped set up the INC for IDtoDocunet; need to have him attach this article; KB0115345



6/13/2025 9:43:34 AM
Jeff Wade - the guy I need to talk to about finding ways to get good email addresses in QA (aka end in wnco.com . .)
	7/30/2025 1:47:13 PM- just confirmed again: mail.wnemail.com in qa . .


6/25/2025 11:41:14 AM
Asleigh Wansbrough - main IDtoApptio contact
Julie Rios - secondary when Asliegh is not there
Kevin Moss - Also knows front door . . .


6/27/2025 2:34:13 PM
Cord Donalson - asked me if I was the one that cleared my event log - it was me, trying to debug postman crashes.

6/30/2025 10:54:51 AM
Just had names chat with Catoria, and Ron Freer
Nader - main, but Sarah, Alicia Knight, Sarah Pochyla, Catoria main app owners over aviobook

Kinsley Johnson was just off camera . .


6/30/2025 3:48:14 PM
Apptio meeting -
Michael Darragh - joined team last week; had some info about apptio; was able to help us combine envs under one key.


7/3/2025 11:36:40 AM
Joe Jenkins from support helped me reinstall my vpn just now.



8/7/2025 2:51:02 PM
Saulo Olvia - Helped to answer question regarding who should fix my merge issues - they say maintainers should update the master branch protected rule.


8/15/2025 9:34:04 AM
Keith Lawson - reinstalled my software center through a remote session!

8/15/2025 4:01:21 PM
Naveen Kumar Konduri - May be a contact for docuware - Brendan said he asked the core team about it last week.

He said he doesn't do SQL stuff, so I contacted Eric Marquez and JOse Marin in the SQL group Naveen called it.

Eric Marquez has been giving us lots of good dea; apparenly docuware server in prod was decommisioned in 2021 . .



8/18/2025 12:02:26 PM
Worked with these guys to fix ppsadmin for IDM_Feed, for IDToDocuware.
Naveen Kumar Konduri - he's desginated as the owner of ppsadmin
Jose Marin - was able to fix the rights to be DB_OWNER for ppsadmin.

